Sometimes a fortune isn't good.
Yes, it means money. You get to buy whatever you want.
But there are lots of stuff you simply can't buy with money.

It was a day, just like any other. John woke up, reluctant but ready to begin the growing of the crops. His parents had teached him how to farm; a crucial skill in the countryside if they wanted to survive. 
Then news came.
A man, dressed in silks, appeared on a magnificent horse. There was a blur of confusion as he announced something about John's birth, about John being a rich man's son. In a flash, he was yanked up the horse and gone.
Away from the people he had grown up with for the past 20 years. Becausee of a letter.

The lad on the horse explained that John's biological father was dying, and had left a huge fortune for him. As expected, John was delighted. Having been raised up by a poor family, he was never able to afford luxurious items. 
Knowing that there was a large sum of money purely for him was a fantasic surprise for him, a poor boy.

It's surprising, yet saddening, how greedy the human heart can be. John dashed into the huge mansion which would be his new home, exploring the place and refusing the housekeeper's pleas for him to visit his father.
At last, as John set foot into his father's bedroom, he realised that the rich man had died just a minute ago, his hand hanging limply from reaching out for his son, the only thing that propelled him to remain alive these few days. 
The hope that he would see his son again. After 19 years. Just another glance. Alas, he did not. Because of John's greed. 

John's first thought when he entered this castle-like house was: How much money am I going to inherit? My father seems like a really rich person. 
This is contrary to what most people thought how he would feel: How is my father? Is he alright?

Human nature cannot stand the test of money. This is a sad truth.

But there are things you can't buy with money: Family. Love. Support. Truth. Time. Peace. Health. True friends. 
Precious and valuable, these items cannot be bought with money, no matter how large the sums of money are.

Yet, all people think of is money. People fight over money. Quarrel over inheritance. Relationships broken because of money. 
When faced with money, something that is not necessarily crucial for survival (as long as you have the skills, you will have food and water), people view it as something only the rich will have.

You may ask people, whether they think their lives are more important, or money, They may say their lives, but most people think money is more important. 
But if you have money and you no longer exist on earth, how then are you going to spend money? 
On the other hand, without money, you will still be able to survive for at least a while.

Thank you.
